0, The Fool, "Ballad of a Thin Man", "The only knowledge you value is that given to you by others. Think for yourself, have your own opinions, don't follow leaders and watch your pawking meters."
1, The Magician, "Quinn The Eskimo", "Someone, probably you, has the power to transform your life into something more exciting and interesting. What are you waiting for? If you've got it, flaunt it!"
2, The Priestess, "LoveMinusZero / No Limit", "The feminine principle of intuition, instinct and quiet reasoning shows the way and can provide wisdom and strength if you're willing to listen. It may not be fashionable, it may not be what's happening, but it's what is right for you."
3, The Empress, "She Belongs to Me", "You've got everything you need if you don't try too hard and don't question your innate abilities. You may not be as others but you have more to offer than that. All you need is belief in yourself."
4, The Emperor, "Masters of War", "Sometimes it is necessary to exercise a bit of muscle, exert some power or flaunt the male principle. Be aware of things escalating though, a rigid spine can quickly become rigor mortis of the spirit."
5, The Hierophant, "Maggie's Farm", "Wisdom will come from unconventional thinking or unexpected sources. What may not, at first, seem the obvious answer, will reveal itself in time."
6, The Lovers, "Romance in Durango", "Pay close attention to the one you love the most. He/she is supporting and helping you. The future may not have a happy ending and you may both make mistakes along the way but your union will be strong and you can (figuratively or possibly literally) die in each other's arms."
7, The Chariot, "When The Ship Comes In", "Some people are going to piss you right off. They believe you are less than you believe you are. They may be right, they may be wrong. Battle them anyway and try to prove your own beliefs."
8, Justice, "Like a Rolling Stone", "A good time to tell others (or yourself) a few home truths. Clear the air, set the record straight	and, if necessary, play it fucking loud!"
9, The Hermit, "Blowin in the Wind", "Life may seem complex. It may seem simple. It is out of your hands either way. So let whatever happens, happen."
10, Wheel of Fortune, "Mr Tambourine Man", "Exciting changes ahead. Positive, negative and sometimes a little scary. Either way you'll benefit from the experience."
11, Strength, "Positively 4th Street", "Now is the time to stand up for yourself and have the courage of your beliefs. You are right they are wrong. There is no more to say."
12, The Hanged Man, "Tangled up in Blue", "You want to move forward yet your heart and your mind are in the past. Marry the moods and move on. Difficult to do but necessary."
13, Death, "The Times they are a Changin'", "The times they are a changin'! What more explanation do you need?"
14, Temperance, "It's All Right Ma, I'm Only Bleeding", "The world is crazy. You know it but there's little you can do so just keep on keeping on. The world needs your sanity."
15, The Devil, "Desolation Row", "Many temptations. Many short-term gains, goals, one night stands and one hit wonders. Your mood may improve for a while but the hangover is long and repentance is slow. Think long term or don't bother thinking at all."
16, The Tower, "A Hard Rains a Gonna Fall", "As George Harrison once said: 'Whatever you do is going to come right back on you.' And I don't think he meant it in a kind way."
17, The Star, "I Want You", "Don't be deterred by others. Stay bright and optimistic and pursue whatever your pursuing. You may win, you may not but you'll have a lot of fun trying."
18, The Moon, "Visions of Joanna", "A female or the feminine principle within you has a wisdom and depth you need to listen to.  Be guided by your (or her) intuition and advice. It may be a struggle but it will give peace and serenity in the end."
19, The Sun, "New Morning", "Things are looking good. Life is going to be sunny. Go for what you want, you'll get it!"
20, Judgement, "Don't Think Twice", "What started off good may have gone sour in the past but you are aware of that. You have wisdom now and know that the road is still worth travelling even if the journey's not always smooth."
21, The World, "Forever Young", "The best card to draw if you listen to the upbeat track. Slightly depressing if you go for the dirgy version. Either way you are loved and respected and, by God, people like you! You cannot fail. And even if you do, there's no success like failure..."